Hello everyone. Am I audible?
>> Good evening Prashant.
>> Yeah.
>> Thanks for the labs and sessions. uh I
was able to complete and build that uh
you know rag uh customer support agent.
It was you know proud moment when I was
able to view that customer agent on you
know browser
>> okay
>> second
>> both local and cloud both the versions
right
>> local I didn't uh you know I've not done
it but uh yes on cloud
but on
a
OCI
now I'll replicate on you know OCI also
and share you know my perspective on
that part but
smooth
all steps are very clear
but
okay nice yeah yeah basically
troubleshooting are also explanatory.
Yeah. Yeah. I had tried to document
every possible thing that you might
encounter all possibilities because this
project has got some maturity by now
because we have done this a few times.
So we know all the nuances. See more or
less it's not only about this particular
project but more or less if you follow
the steps you can replicate. I think
towards the end of the last session I
also uh demonstrated how you can get to
this kind of a code and that is
important. Okay. So try replicating any
other project upload it follow the same
steps. Okay. First you know discuss
about what architecture you will use for
deployment.
>> Okay. What cloud you will use what
resources you will use. So once all
those discussions are you know uh
satisfactory you are convinced okay that
this is really going to work then you
can start asking for the code don't
directly jump into the code and uh
always again I suggest to first prepare
the environment properly.
>> Okay. So environment preparation means
right from installing Python in your
local or whatever cloud to installing
all the libraries then setting up the
environment variables. Okay. And then
you know activating all the libraries
and then uh you know setting up the
proper folder structure. So and then the
execution part starts actually. So
>> I was going through the steps as well as
you know your video
>> session live session video
>> so that helped me to you know work and
achieve that. Yeah. And I I thought of
I'll you know show you but
>> no I told you if you had stopped and
then restarted every time u the static
IP changes or the you know IP for the
EC2 instance changes
that could be one
I I'll try and in case anything you know
uh I I need help. So I take half.
>> Remember that even if the EC2 instance
is not deleted, if you stop it and run
it once again, maybe after a couple of
minutes, the IP address will change. The
public IP will change unless you attach
a elastic IP to it.
>> Okay.
Because I don't have that much of
knowledge,
right? Okay. Fine.
Uh I'm trying to restart but it's not
restarting.
I I'll restart I rework all that and
then
>> Yeah. Yeah. Let us know. But remember
that uh if uh you
>> public IP check
>> uh once you pause the entire instance
>> and then you restart the instance then
the instance IP address public IP
address changes.
Okay.
So then it should remain the same. And
remember
every time HTTP
unless you make your EC2 instance secure
by attaching some SSL certificate set.
>> So that was unsecured instance as of
now. But again beyond that everything is
a cloud operation. So that goes beyond
our uh you know course material. You can
say anyone who is taking up the cloud
courses simultaneously should be able to
figure the remaining things out. But
once the instant uh instance is up and
running once the application is up and
running once you're able to hit the
browser and you know check the
application that means more or less we
are done technically. Now remaining
thing is your
>> which uh independently you can uh you
know figure it out.
Yeah,
>> it's good idea. I should restart the
instance and obviously IP
access. So you'll have to go to the
instance page. Uh click on that instance
and uh if you see the information about
the instance the IP address will be
displayed exactly the same. It's there
right
>> process is same
>> but just uh because many times what we
do is browser
and then we just to refresh the browser
and then you are wondering and pondering
that this was working half an hour ago
>> and then when I refresh why is it not
working okay
>> and without realizing that before you
refreshed you had actually paused your
EC2 instance or done something with the
instance
>> okay and that is where the things might
have got broke
>> maybe
>> or uh connect to EC2 instance and
restart uh the application that's the
easiest way restart the code that's
right
>> correct so just restart the application
you have to do nothing
>> if your application was running and now
it is not running the these are the two
quick fixes one is check for the IP
address uh and uh delete that s and
second thing is if you're able to hit
the IP address that is uh that is not a
Then the second catch is restart the
application maybe. And third is stop it
and look at the logs. Even for uh
viewing the logs I had given the
commands. So what I would do is just
copy those last 50 lines from the logs
go to chat JPT and ask for the solution.
Chad JPT is very good enough to provide
me that solution. Right? So that is the
easiest way. So you know try helping
yourself a bit. Uh getting used to these
things will really help in long run.
>> I I used claude actually. So since you
mention about the matter
but
issues so they asked me to reset the
permissions and all. So that worked and
that was the only place I got stuck.
rest smooth and port issue uh okay
I think that is missing to 80 port open
that's it
instance that's it
>> okay nice nice
okay so today's uh
agenda is uh traceability and
observation ability that is one and we
will do both in lang smith as well as
lang fuse. So um and then if time
permits we'll go towards the last topic
which is on uh MCP. Okay. So I have
couple of hands-on today on one on Lang
Smith end to end and one is on lang fuse
end to end. Lang fuse is uh I'm taking
for K21 for the first time. In the
previous two batches I had not done
langfuse. We had only done using lang.
So you guys are lucky that this time
we're also doing Langfuse which is the
opensource version of the Langsmith.
Langmith is a paid library uh but also
comes with very decent uh uh you can say
usage limits per month. Let's uh that's
around 1,000 uh traces per month.
Langfuse also comes with both managed
and uh hosted versions.
So there you get more uh you can say
free usage that is around I think 5,000
traces per month. Okay. So beyond that
again Langfuse also goes into a
paid model. Okay. So it's like both are
premium. Okay. Langmith is quite end to
end. Um I mean
so we we'll talk about both langmate and
langfuse no worries one by one
and uh I'll show you how the traces look
like we'll go into their documentation
pages and figure out but yes uh but
before we get started let's understand
what is observability and traceability
why do we need all of that
okay what is the end outcome
So before this, anyone wants to have any
last questions
uh before I get started? All good.
Everything is fine.
No one has any questions, queries.
Okay.
So, day 15 and 16. Okay.
Mhm.
Although I have a presentation on
Observability and traceibility.
I'm just sharing this presentation in
the chat.
Okay.
So, observability, monitoring and
traceability, understanding AI agent
systems from the inside. So, you want to
see what your agent is actually
thinking. Okay. So this is the
topic
that we are taking now.
Okay. So otherwise how far we have
reached. Um
so almost building agents is done. Uh we
have done lot of agents of almost every
other design pattern we have taken
um in Langraph also we built few agents
in CUI I think last Saturday and on
Sunday
we did the deployment okay both in local
machine as well as AWS cloud so more or
less the technical part is done okay now
what remains is this observability piece
and one last topic case that is on model
context protocol
and uh some discussion on A2A as well.
So this time I'm going to also do some
hands-on lab in MCP. Until the last
batch we just you used to have uh
>> it looks like you're on mute. Actually
we are not able to hear you.
>> I'm not sure.
>> I can hear.
>> No, we we can we can able to hear.
>> Yeah, I can hear too.
>> You have to raise the volume maybe.
>> Yeah. Okay. Thanks for confirming. Yeah.
So as I said in the previous two batches
we didn't have enough uh hands on on MCP
A2A but this time I'm planning a proper
end to end project plus our hands on
both uh using
MCP uh we'll use both local uh MCP
servers uh and the standard mode of
connecting would be your stdio
okay and the other is a remote MCP
server will create both connect with
proper databases as I think I promised
the last week. Okay, we'll do um this
project tomorrow. Okay, let's see. Uh
we'll be able to start with the MCP
discussion today if time permits and
then we'll do the hands-on tomorrow.
Yeah, that's the
agenda high level and if everything
finishes tomorrow then maybe the
tomorrow is the last session or
otherwise it will go to the next week
because more or less MCP is the last
topic. Okay. Uh unless there is
something which I might have
forgotten to cover but I don't remember.
Let's see. Okay. So this week or the
last week uh the next week will be the
last week for this program. Uh I have
given you a high level idea. Okay. So
let's see what is observability.
So observability is a 30,000 ft of what
is happening within your application.
Traceability is
drill down doing a postm and you want to
dissect your application and see exactly
each and every API call. What went into
the model and what came out of the
model. How much time did it take? How
much was the costing? What was the
context given to the model? And if you
want are setting up some guard railings,
then what kind of guard railing was
active? What kind of PII reduction
happened and all that okay so you want
to trace each and every API call that is
your traceability in short and
observability is at a 30,000 ft view.
What all is happening within your
application? What is the overall
latency? What is the overall cost for
one customer interaction or one end to
end cycle? What is overall cost? Okay.
Uh where is the bottleneck? So at a high
level if you want to observe the
performance of your application or
evaluate your application. Okay. That is
what the observability is more about. So
both mean monitoring in one sense. Uh
okay.
Uh is it something like monitoring of
the application like we do in infra
monitoring? Yes. But this is more like a
um application level monitoring rather
than the infrastructure uh monitoring.
Yes. And within the application also we
are not monitoring all the other
resources especially the monitoring is
with respect to the API calls being
made. Okay. And all the latency cost
everything which is related to the
uh API calls. So that is what is most
important in any LLM based applications
or even agents. Okay, which agents are
getting triggered in what sequence? That
is all about the application. So yes,
you want to trace. Let's say you created
a swarm of
um
agents. You created a swarm of agents or
a crew of agents. Let's say what you do
in CUI.
and not all agents are getting triggered
for a particular API call or sorry for a
particular user request. So then you
want to exactly trace that which all
agents are getting triggered in what
sequence they are getting triggered. So
that is what you can do it in
observability. Now within each of the
agents what was the input what was the
output how what was the agent state
before and after that is the
traceability part of it
right. So literally you can monitor your
agents in production. Yes, that is the
whole idea. Correct.
Okay. So the core problem uh agents are
fundamentally different from traditional
software. They make autonomous decisions
and know lot of impromptu decision
makings are going to happen because of
your LLMs involved. Okay. So in
traditional software you have the well-
definfined input the process is well
defined what all calculations you are
going to do what all you know processing
is going to happen what are the steps of
execution and you get the desired output
okay you may not know the value of the
output beforehand but you know exactly
what is expected out of it okay so if
you want to do the debugging you can put
print statements across each of these
steps in the process and you can keep a
track okay uh we have gone till line
number nine line number 15 line number
20 and you can step to the code and also
uh reproduce the codes as long as you
are able to fix the random seed. Okay.
So this is how you would normally do in
machine learning or even you know
traditional software development.
uh agent wise again user query is the
input usually the LLM does the reasoning
again depending on what kind of setting
you have provided in the LLM for
reasoning it may be a low reasoning
medium effort reasoning high eo high
effort reasoning or extra high effort
reasoning so these are the settings for
the latest models for the previous
generation models instead of setting up
the reasoning you have the capability of
setting up the temperature so
temperature controls the creativity.
Okay.
So based on all that the outputs and the
time the model will take will to respond
will differ. Okay. Then again these
models are also attached to lot of
tools. So which all tools were decided
by the model uh uh to be executed and
what were the actual queries
okay for each of the tool calls that is
also coming from the models. Okay. And
if needed more reasoning will happen,
more iterations will happen, more tool
call will happen. That's like a
iterative process. And this will
completely be dependent on this input.
Okay. If the input is very
straightforward, plain and simple, then
number of iterations might be much
lesser maybe one or two. But if the
input the user query is very complex
multi-step many things the user has
queried at one go then multiple tool
crawls will get triggered maybe
simultaneously or one by one that
depends on the architecture that you
have created and back to back and
finally once all the context is
available with the model you'll get the
end output. Okay.
So what went in is this input, what came
out is this output. And it can act as a
black box. Okay. Uh because you are not
literally able to view what the model is
reasoning or thinking in each of these
intermediate steps if you have not you
know um implemented them at a low level.
Okay. So what is low level? So uh lang
graph is more like a low-level API code
whereasi is more like a high level.
Okay.
So you create your own states memories
and you know the way that you can track
each of these is much you get a more uh
control in the case of langraph. These
are some of the differences we have
already discussed in the last session.
Okay. Crea is a more like a higher level
wrapper. Okay.
So
fine. So key differences between uh
again traditional application and agent
you can go through. So this is what I
have discussed. So in a traditional
software or application the output is
deterministic which means every time you
give the same input you get the same
output. But again in the case of agents
even though the input is same but there
can still be a chance that the output
can vary. Okay, you cannot 100%
guarantee error messages. So you will
get proper error messages here. You'll
get vague API failure messages maybe
like 429 error. Now unless you are not
knowing exactly the reasons for the 429
error, you'll it will be difficult for
you to figure out okay authentication
error, server error, timeout error and
number of errors are there. Okay, we'll
have to find out what in multiple errors
the error code is still the same. So
that is again a bigger problem. Okay,
reproducibility this is easy but here it
is different because if you have
different LMS with different settings it
can still change costs are predictable
here are variable because again it will
depend on the user query complexity
steps it has taken to execute and so on.
And debugging is also simpler. In this
case it can be a bit more trickier.
Okay. So these are the five critical
reason for observability that is
>> your voice is breaking now.
Yeah.
We are not able to hear you
isn't working. Okay. So, this is what
they
Zoom.
Uh, my Zoom app got
crashed and I had to restart. I'll just
catch up again.
Uh Sumesh, you had raised your hands.
You have a question.
>> We were not able to hear it. That's the
reason.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I re realized that. Okay.
That's why I stopped uh speaking because
the screen got frozen and I could
realize that. So what I was is this. Let
me repeat it from here. Okay. So nothing
much. uh I instantly recognize that
there is something wrong with Zoom app
and it finally crashed. I don't know
sometimes it may happen that it starts
doing upgrades while the session is
still I don't know but uh that happens
anyway so yes these are the five
critical reasons I have tried to compile
okay three in this page two in the next
page okay so there are some scenarios
are there I don't want to really read
out everything I hope everyone can do
this after the end of the session also
uh at home but let's go at the high
level points I hope that is okay Right.
I have tried to give this more like a
study notes and uh I mean instead of me
repeating each and every point uh I'll
just probably only try to highlight the
important ones right okay so in this
case
without observability okay uh I mean
it's very difficult to order status is
not working what this
statement means I mean that itself is
vague in the first place. Okay. And
without observability, you don't know
what these agents have done, what kind
of API calls were made, which agents
were triggered, in what sequence they
were triggered, what were their states
before and after, what were the tools?
Okay, what did the LM LLM decide? And so
the user is still not happy. So with
observability
you can literally see the exact LLM
prompt which are the tools which got
executed which all errors which happened
in between and you can try to reproduce
these errors and fix. Okay. So that kind
of a debugging capability becomes
immediately available to you once you
start looking at the system inside out.
So again your monthly bill is let's say
$5,000 in LLM cost where you are
expecting only $2,000 with the same
amount of let's say user queries.
Now again without observability just
wondering and pondering why is the cost
so high why which queries are very
expensive and can we optimize so
answering these three questions because
these are the questions coming from the
stakeholders. Okay. So without
observability again it will be difficult
to figure out what is wrong in the
system which is leading to a high cost.
But now with observability literally you
can see the per token uh sorry per query
usage okay of the tokens and then uh
identify the inefficient prompts. uh you
can reduce the prompts or if you know
multiple calls are happening back to
back you can also think about doing some
prompt caching if the same context is
being used over and over again okay so
prompt caching is a you know fancy
concept but it's not so easy to I would
say implement or even benefit from
that's the more appropriate word okay
let me repeat the last statement prompt
caching looks very promising every time
we discuss from caching and say that
okay you are going to save XY Z cost uh
you know XY Z
uh impact is going to happen on the
cost. But
to be able to benefit from that kind of
a cost there has to be some you know
or you can say your application needs to
be in a format which can benefit from
that prompt crushing uh caching.
That last statement is a bit tricky to
understand. Okay. So not every
application that you build can really
benefit from prompt caching.
Okay. So is your application going to
benefit or not? That itself is the
biggest thing to you know wonder and
ponder I would say. Okay. Because unless
for example a same system prompt is
being used. I'm just giving a high level
idea. Okay. Let's say you want to
put the system prompt in the cache.
Okay. Why system prompt? Because you
know that for this particular chat
application end to end the system prompt
is mostly going to be common for all the
chats right
but usually the system prompt is what
five lines 10 lines 15 lines 20 lines
that may be what 50 100 200 300 tokens
minimum caching tokens for open AI is
1,024 minimum caching tokens for Germany
is again 1,024 and minimum caching
tokens for anthropic model is 4,048
uh sorry 4,96 4096. So unless you have a
huge amount of context to be cached
there's they don't even accept it even
if you try to put it on your caching it
rejects the server rejects.
So if the API call is uh requiring some
inputs which is
and this is the amount. So why I did
mention about the system prompt because
system prompt is going to be mostly
static part of the overall prompt. See
the overall prompt contains normally two
parts. A part which is static usually
which is the static uh system prompt and
a variable part of the prompt which is
containing more context the previous
state of the uh agent execution the user
query. So the variable part okay and the
static part. Static part is what this
chatbot is all about. What is the
context we are talking? Uh what this
chatbot is supposed to behave some uh I
mean what kind of queries it is supposed
to answer that role goal overall task.
Okay constraint this is probably the
static part of the uh overall prompt.
The dynamic part of any prompt would be
the actual context, the actual user
query, the actual agent state at that
point when the API call is being made.
So these are the variable part. Okay,
many times for example in the rag
applications you will find that the
variable part is much much more than the
static part. So in the variable part you
will have the actual context that you
have retrieved from your documents. So
this although I'm mentioning it as small
in my you know fingers okay but this
itself can be much bigger. So let's say
your context that variable part let's
use the word variable part of the prompt
template or the prompt itself is let's
say 3,000 tokens whereas the static part
okay which is mostly common across all
the chats is just 200 tokens then such a
system such a application
cannot benefit from prompt caching it is
as simple as that
Mohammad clear that's what exactly I
repeated
Okay.
So these are the constraints. Okay.
Remember this.
What else? So you can identify the
inefficient prompts. Optimize expensive
operations. Reduce the bill. Okay. If
you are really interested, you can uh
check this guide prompt caching
open AI.
So you'll get this kind of guides.
Germany
Claude.
Okay, just sharing all these pages.
Three pages
and whatever we discussed okay is there
and uh I think the constraint will also
be there somewhere.
So maximum how much time can it be
retained? Yeah, that's exactly what I
was trying to tell you.
So unless your input prompt contains
more than this part which is static
which is going to be common across the
entire conversation history then only
this makes sense. Okay. So this is the
constraint for geminy which is so if
you're using bigger models 3.1 then
minimum token limit is 4096 below which
the server will reject the caching and
for Germany 3 and 2.5 models it is uh
1024 tokens and for so the pro models
have a higher you know token limit for
benefiting from caching remember this
and anthropic I think across all models
it is 4096 only
somewhere
it is mentioned you can check
yeah
limit so minimum cachable prompt length
Okay.
So before we jump into any
uh
exotic ideas to reduce the cost, one has
to be very much familiar with these kind
of limitations. Okay. So obviously one
very good idea to
reduce the cost was prompt caching. But
you know these are the you know catch
nuances.
So what else for simpler simpler task
also you are using a pro model which is
much more costing or you know expensive
that is again not a good idea. So for
example in our customer um
support agent that we built last week
and the last few weeks. Okay. We had
used the same model across all the
three, four, five, six blocks. You
remember? So this was our system. So we
use the same model here also, here also,
here also, here also, here also. That's
again not a good idea. So these are much
simpler task. Simple carry
categorization is there. Sentiment
analysis is there. You can use a much
cheaper faster model. Whereas for the
response generation, you can go for a
decent model. I'm not saying pro models
because again this is not a very complex
task. Okay. So, but when you multiply
that number of queries to 1 million or
something like that, then just
you know saving uh two code blocks out
of five that is like four uh 2x 5 is
like 40%. Right?
So 40% reduction you will instantly get
by switching to a much cheaper faster
model for these two tasks immediately.
So that kind of you know things you have
to think.
Okay. Uh quality assurance again
customer complaints uh agent gave wrong
refund amount. So this is like quality
issue right. The agent is not able to
resolve the customer query properly.
Okay. So without observability what data
was used by the agent? We have no idea.
How did the calculation happen? What was
the reasoning behind that calculations?
Was the calculate calculated amount just
a hallucinated number or did it actually
use a calculator tool to calculate that
number in real time? All of these right.
So is it again oneoff or is it a
systematic error? So are there many more
you know um similar queries where users
have uh you know flagged that kind of
calculation errors. So then you know
that yes it's a systematic error not a
one-off error. So you'll need to make
your agent more robust. Okay. So you can
also do a exact replay see the
calculation steps identify the root
cause. So that is all you can do using
observability.
Um
does prompt caching relate to model
context window? No.
So
although the cached is using the model
context window, I mean caching whatever
amount of token that you are going to
use is still
going to use the model context window
but the concepts are slightly different.
Okay. So in caching uh what happens is
one time the context is learned
the
let's say
model will not try to generate the
vectors for the inputs again. So
computational
uh overhead is less which is why they
are going to give you the benefit of
cost because no GPU is needed once it is
cached because for the first time they
will charge you let's say and for uh why
did they charge you because they have to
calculate the vectors and everything for
the
part that you want to cache but once it
is calculated it is kept in the memory
as it is. Okay.
So subsequently you are just using those
vectors. It then acts as a lookup table
without making any changes. However, in
the case of context window, every time
the entire it's like dynamics uh case,
okay, your entire input gets
recalculated. Your entire output gets
recalculated
and the total input plus output will be
equal to the or less than the context
window. That's how it goes. So without
caching the entire input is recalculated
in the GPU. What is recalculated? Your
QV vectors are getting uh recalculated
query keys and values.
Uh Santos is asking how to do
performance testing for LLM. Performance
testing in what sense? Again this is
slightly vague question. Unless you
identify what task this LLM is supposed
to verify, how do you
how do you
evaluate the performance? So if you are
saying rag evaluation performance that
is the application performance. If you
are saying model performance then you
have to mention the task. Let's say
performance of a model on classification
task. Performance of a model on
uh question answering task. Performance
of the model on sentiment analysis task.
Performance of the model on part of
speech tagging task. Performance of the
model in named entity recognition task.
Performance of the model in embedding
task. So for each task the metrics are
different again.
Okay. Because why you need to identify
the task? Because the metrics are
different. The way you would evaluate
the model is different. So for
summarization task you talk about blue
score, rogue score, okay, perplexity. So
these are different different metrics.
Okay, model evaluation metrics. Just
search for model evaluation metrics.
These are not a part of this course. So
I'm not going to discuss much.
So you can just check for this model
evaluation metrics.
uh this is what you are probably looking
for. Okay, just search for LLM model
evaluation metrics and you'll get
several articles exactly with the same
theme and in each of these this is the
first thing that they will do. They will
try to you know fix the task and based
on the task then the benchmark data set
will be fixed. Okay. So for example glue
super glue these are for uh
summarization task. Okay. So once you
fix your task then based on the task the
metrics will be decided and then to
evaluate the model's performance you'll
have to also fix the benchmark as per
that task because if the task changes
the benchmark data set will also change.
You cannot use the same benchmark data
set for every task. Okay. So lot of
things go. Okay. uh link. This is not a
link. This is just Okay.
A web search I did. Okay.
Fine.
Okay. So, let's continue. Um
how do we do load testing in production?
Number of times agents will run will be
very high.
Okay. Load testing is more of the LLM
ops uh concept actually operational part
of it which we don't want to you know
discuss here. Okay. Uh it's more of a
LLM ops kind of a thing LLM operations
just like machine learning operations we
have LLM operations. So simple answer is
you can so wherever your model is okay
and your application is they can be on
the same server they can be in two
different servers your application has
to be able to scale so you can set up
automatic load balancing ALB for your uh
application if your application is
hosted on a EC2 server you can put
triggers for uh automatically scaling.
So that is how usually people would do
it. Okay. Um for
Yeah.
But again load testing if you want to do
you'll have to literally
uh
the way we normally do is uh in
SageMaker I set up a pipeline and
simulate this kind of a scenario. Okay.
that uh we are firing 1 th00and 10,000
API calls to the same endpoint and then
we want to see whether the application
is scaling up or not and then for each
of these API call you are also
monitoring the latency okay so that is
normally done using uh means I have been
doing using SageMaker pipelines end to
end
tool uh I have not been using tools
I mostly have been doing this at a
you know developer way uh which is using
SageMaker mostly. Okay. So models and
applications on SageMaker SageMaker
custom endpoint for deployment and then
you start doing it. So that is one way
otherwise
uh if you want to
do it then uh you can set up the
observability. I mean if you want to go
the tool-wise way then same again then I
would say the same but trying to
aggregate is going to be a challenge
because these tools are going to give
you API level uh you know
traceability which means if you are
simulating a system which is making
10,000 API calls how do you aggregate
the metrics for those 10,000 API calls?
So you probably will have to still write
down a lot of codes. Okay. So that's how
it is. Maybe we can discuss all of those
things. Uh I will also give a
uh J meter. I have not been using those
frankly. Okay.
So I have been doing a more traditional
way. And one way is uh this using the
observability itself. You just write
down codes too because there's uh very
easily you can retrieve the traces using
codes also just few lines of code you
can retrive the traces and when you have
the entire trace you have the latency
you have the cost and everything from
that trace itself okay which is what we
will also see in lang fuse you can
literally retract the entire trace and
once you have the trace in hand then you
can start doing okay so this is like
retrieving the entire trace Okay, using
codes. So for each of the traces you can
actually identify from there. Okay, so
this is one more way you can actually do
it.
But you'll have to simulate a system
somehow. Uh if you want to use a tool,
it might already be having that
facility.
Uh okay, let's conclude this.
Yeah, the performance optimization. Uh
basically here we want to find out where
is our system's bottleneck. Is it
getting slow at the retrieval stage uh
or is it using some particular block of
the entire langraph workflow or is it
getting slow at the router stage or is
it getting slow in the parallelized
part? So where exactly the overall
process is getting most slow okay or
slowest. So that is what you can find
out also in which parts of your uh
entire workflow the costing is the
highest. So those kind of things you can
easily trace
uh if you have set up the observability
properly
and this is the last and the most
important part. You can also empower
your end users to also give a rating
after each and every chat and those
ratings can be also tracked. Okay, that
is the beauty. Okay, so for each
interaction the user can provide a
satisfaction score maybe between 0 to 5.
Okay. Or 1 to5 let's say and those
stars or whatever scores you can say are
bound to the traces. So the moment you
retrieve the trace you're also able to
retrieve these uh scores and if some
textual feedback is also there like a
comment that also can be retrived
easily. Okay. So for example, let's say
I was expecting a 50% returns uh or
maybe 30% return policy whatever and the
model decided to only give me 10%. So
then I can always give that in the
feedback
doing a thumbs down or maybe scoring the
overall interaction as one or two maybe.
Okay
fine.
So what to observe? There are three
levels. One is the application level.
Okay. Uh you can literally observe each
of the response request or request
response pairs. Whatever goes to the
model, whatever comes out from the model
that is your request response pair.
Overall time that is your latency. Error
rates how many times your requests are
overall failing. Success rates how much.
Yeah. So this is the at the entire
application level. Okay. Then agent
level. Okay. So this is a deeper
visibility. So for example, what did we
actually ask the LLM? So the actual
prompt now you are giving to these
agents and what exactly was the output
coming from these. So how many tool
calls were used? Which tool calls were
used? What was the data returned by each
of those tool calls? Okay. How did the
agent choose those? So basically the
reasoning effort of those LLMs in this
case and how did the state change before
and after that particular thing and then
at a business level okay which metrics
matter to your business and stakeholders
in this case query type distribution so
what are the users asking about mostly
okay so are they asking technical
queries non-technical queries refund
related queries okay um whatever because
that insight is going to be really
helpful for the business because if lot
of queries are coming from the let's say
returns or refund policies that means
there is some problem with the product
ultimately okay we need to get back talk
to those customers and find out the
actual reasons why they are asking for
returns and refunds and so on okay they
are really not satisfied with the
service or if the questions are mostly
around the technical part of it then
probably we have not given enough
technical ical documentation on how to
use these products. So that's why the
users are you know getting confused for
which setting to use for what kind of
scenario and so on. So maybe then
creating application notes, white papers
okay or enriching the document with more
examples, code examples, scenarios
should be so could be considered. So
that is very important resolution rates.
So and how many queries are instantly
getting resolved? How many are being
carried forward to a technical agent uh
human agent that is?
So these are all and what is the overall
cost per interaction most important
metric. Okay. So if the user is on an
average some user can get the entire
resolution in three interactions some
user might take eight to 10
interactions. So let's say the average
number is five. So whatever is that so
for 10,000 customer interactions which
has happened on maybe span of 5 days
okay what is the total cost that you
have paid divided by 10,000 that is the
cost per interaction now okay
so this way you will be able to get some
number for the interaction cost okay and
that number you can just multiply by a
million or 10 million so you know the
exact application cost in
running. Okay, so total cost of
ownership or total cost of running
whatever number you want to see.
So traceability this is the ability to
follow the complete path including all
decisions tool calls and state changes
everything in a more details. So three
levels of traceability. So this is your
request response intermediate will uh
also individual timing for each of these
steps. Okay. So each tool call how much
time it took how much time it took for
response generation how much time the
query uh required processing and all
that. So time for each of these things
and then advance what we call as the
full trace. This is what we typically
call as the full trace. Uh this is how a
full trace would look like. Okay, you
can see the overall cost. I'm just
zooming. You can see the overall cost
each step how much time it took and the
you know cost per steps.
Okay. So this is called as full trace
for each of these blocks. Okay. I am
able to trace. So
so best for production debugging cost
optimization compliance auditing. This
is most importantly for compliance
auditing and cost optimization. Okay.
And then you can also compare scenarios.
Okay. If this was the prompt, this is
the kind of output we got. If that was
the prompt, this is so this way you can
also optimize not just the entire system
but also your prompts. Okay. So prompt
management also gets really better once
you start doing these kind of tracing.
Okay. So other things are more or less
repeat. You can just go through this.
Okay. The tools are there. Langsmith is
what we are going to use very
extensively today and uh maybe tomorrow
as well. Right. So this is again a
commercial solution developed by the
same uh lang chain ecosystem. So it's
like a visual uh trace explorer. So
whatever platform that I have been
showing you. So this is very much
similar to your lang. This is langfuse.
However, but uh the interface is very
similar. Okay. It is just that a
langfuse is open-source version of lang
smmith. That's all things are more or
less same. You can filter traces by
metadata tax time compare traces side by
side. Yes, that's what I was trying to
tell you. Okay. So, two traces in which
you had the original prompt other one
has a changed prompt and then you can
see in a waterfall
manner. Okay. How the process went.
Cost tracking is there. integration is
native. You don't have to write down any
additional line of code to do the
tracking. Okay. And you can also create
evaluation data set for further testing.
Fine.
Pinix by Arise. So this is one of the
biggest competitors to Langsmith. So
second most
important tool that you should be
knowing about traceability and
observability. Okay.
So these are the key features. So once
again, more or less it's similar to
Langsmith in terms of features. It's
just that the look and feel will be
slightly different. I've not been using
Finex much. Okay. Uh I'm more a bigger
fan of Langsmith and Langfuse. So I mean
it's not easy to you know uh find use
case for uh switching to different
different tools every other time. In my
opinion getting a comfort and mastery
over one of the tool for one of the
things is more important than trying to
know everything everywhere. Okay. So but
knowing what all tools are available in
the market that's a good idea. Uh lang
lang chain has been very much
extensively used by the industry. So I'm
still sticking to lang lang chain lang
fuse also.
So this is free open source uh and with
a optional enterprise support. So this
is the biggest USB of Fenix. Okay, it is
open source. But again when I say open
source, you'll have to host it by
yourself. And if you want to host it by
yourself, then another big choice is
Langfuse. Why not go for Langfuse then?
Okay.
Third is WNB weights and bias. This is
mostly for machine learning experiment
tracking. And this is slightly of
discussion. This is not related to
agents. So if you are building models,
machine learning models and you want to
track each of those model
hyperparameters when you are making
multiple permutation combinations of
those model hyperparameters and you want
to train them uh especially with sage
maker pipelines and all that then you
can use the W&B but this is not relevant
to setup.
Yeah. So this is your uh tool
comparison. Self-hosting option is not
there with lang smith but with lang
fuse.
So trace visualization yes cost tracking
yes lang chain integration is native
here. Yes.
And prices you can check.
So waterfall views are there. Uh you can
also go for waterfall views.
Okay. So, different different different
views are there. So, this is one view.
Uh this is another view. Okay. So, I'll
show you the waterfall views also.
And uh these are the best practices you
can just refer
summary and take away. Fine. So, this is
done. This is just a highle revision
recap I think I shared at the start of
the session.
Fine. So let's take a hands-on on lang
graph
before we go for the break at 10. Okay.
So we have half an hour. Let's finish
with this. Okay.
So we'll do this project and we'll take
a break before we go to the lang fuse
version of the same project. Okay.
So, do you have the paid version of
Langsmith or I'm using the free version
because free version is quite good. I
mean 1,000 traces per month unless you
are making something in production.
Okay. So, if you need more then I would
fall back to Langfuse first. Okay.
Unless someone is ready to pay for it.
Okay. So first thing first go to Lang
Smith website.
Okay, this is the link.
Go to products.
You can see observability evaluation
deployment. Deployment normally done by
lang surf. Okay.
Uh you can
check the pricing before we do anything
more. So you can see the pricing part.
So up to 5,000 base traces per one.
Sorry, this was actually I've been
saying 1,000 but this is not 1,000. It
is actually 5,000 which is quite good.
Tracing to debug offline and event
online are there. Prompt hub playground
canvases. So almost every feature is
available. Uh even in the free account
you can see
you can also set up monitoring and
alerting annotation cues for human
feedback and one agent builder.
It's up to 50 agent builder runs per
month.
So what is this one agent builder agent?
So we created this open AI agent. Okay.
So there you can attach this
and these are the enterprise versions
okay where you can get more than 10,000
or even more.
So 5,000 traces are there already
available to you.
Okay. So first thing is click on this
try lang. It will take you to the login
page. Create your account. Okay. So,
create your account.
So since I have created my account
fine so this is something I'm able to
Right.
Fine.
So once you land up here, first thing is
we need to get our API keys. So there
you go to settings. Okay. And from the
settings you have the API keys.
So let me just give a pause here. So
everyone will have to set up their
organization which is you can select one
of the organization or you can create
okay one organization.
So this is how the main page comes up
for me because I have already
set up tracing for a few of the
projects.
So in my case this is not empty. In your
case this might be empty. Okay.
So this is something new which I have
also not tried. Langmith agent builder.
We will try that later.
Okay. Let's come back.
Yeah. So this is the main page.
Okay. Go to home and then on the left
side there is a settings button. Click
on that and on the left side there is
API keys.
So you can create an API key
personal access token pad. You can
provide a name and the default workspace
and expiration date. You can set up
never 30 days, 90 days, 1 year or
custom. Okay. So don't go for service
key, go for PAT, personal access token.
And create your key.
Okay? And make sure while you are
creating the key, you are also saving
those because later on you cannot see
them. Okay? Remember that later on you
will not be able to see them. Okay? So
if I just click on
create key. Okay.
So make sure you copy it right away.
Okay. Make sure you copy it right away.
And then go to your collab.
Go to your collab. Go to your secrets
manager and make sure you are adding
this key. So let me give it a name of
the key in the collab. So, Langsmith API
key this is the text you will be using
langsmith API key that's what you'll
have to add here and the value will be
your key that you have set up just now
Okay.
Does it mean concurrent agent? No. So if
you're creating it using Langmith, yes.
but not in their agent builder. So they
have got a new feature called as agent
builder which is like a visual agent
builder similar to all these platforms
NAN, Open AI. So similarly they have
also got a new platform called as agent
builder. Okay. So there you can create a
single agent attached to your tracing
and not more than 50 runs of that agent
can be done per month for tracing in
your free account. That is that
constraint is only for the
agent builder.
Okay.
But if you're doing it the way I am
showing you in the collab notebook, I
have just shown the link for the collab
notebook. So here uh if you are doing it
this way, then you can easily go for
5,000 traces. Can easily go for 5,000
traces per month and then you can go on
a pay as you go model. You don't even
have to, you know. So for example, um
you can fund your account with $5, $10.
In that you will buy some credits and
you use those credits.
Okay.
So everyone Ready?
So, how many of you have been using
Claude Pro accounts?
Just checking
not a free lord protr
full. Okay.
Anyone who has been using Max Claude Pro
uh I mean the upgraded version of that
claude max.
Okay.
Claude Max. No, nothing specific. I was
just waiting for the installation to be
done.
So in cloud max you will get only what
five times more query limit per
day or per week. I think they just have
higher usage limits. I think five times
more in cloud pro and 20 times more for
uh
the uh max
account I think.
No, it is five times more for $100
and uh 20 times more for $200. I think
that's the correct pricing whatever.
Okay. Now reason to ask was that uh
indirectly that
in the claude pro you do get something
called as co-work and claude code right
so that is equipped with entropic agents
already so you just at a high level
define your task it will spin all sort
of agents sub aents give you a highle
plan that boss this is how I'm going to
do all that and it will actually do all
that
not in the chat mode. There is a claude
co-work and claude code. Okay. So maybe
if you already have
Claude Pro accounts, I would strongly
suggest you to go through some of the
YouTube or tutorials maybe on Udemy
somewhere and explore the Claude code
and Claude
um
co-work as well because those are those
are the true agentic
uh or agents created by anthropic. Okay.
But again they will be very much uh
token hungry I would say. Okay. So the
token usage is immense. Even for one
task it can go to 20 to $30. It has
happened to me.
Okay.
So will Claude coork run those programs?
you need to be able to I see I don't
know what programs you're talking about
but whichever
programs or uh you know you want to
be automated you'll have to provide
access. So again it can be local access
or it can be browser level access either
way. Okay.
Uh so Sergi can I ask one question
related to the cloud pro?
>> Mhm.
>> So as you mentioned like you know we can
we can like you know like you know have
a agent there itself on the cloud pro.
So
>> you are not creating the agent agents
are all spun by them internally. the uh
that line actually
>> see I'm also still figuring it out. Uh
no no no no I do not want to go to ask
was if there is already some pro user
here
>> maybe I also get to learn from them that
was also another reason because the way
I have understood is uh they have
internally built all sort of agentic
system you just have to define the task
and the agents will swam of agents will
you know do that task. Uh the way it
works is you can also define skills for
each of these agents. Okay,
>> that's what I was trying to understand.
So that means we are learning to build
agent but this cloud came up with like
you know just generating the agent by
their self right. So the skill which we
are building I mean how that can be like
you know the future proof
that is the reason I asked that question
actually
>> with with skill
>> I mean like building this agent and all
right uh so learning how to build the
agent but cloud came a this way like you
know the the the agent
>> okay right
>> yes yes see again as I said
if one task exec ution is taking 20 $25
which I I create in langraph and then
I'm able to do it in let's say uh $1
then there is a huge
cost uh involved already there plus
the agent that we are building in these
notebooks or whatever production grade
okay they are
consistent in terms of performance
every time you spin a new clawed co-work
or a cloud code uh chat even if you give
the same task it's not guaranteed that
every time the same workflow will happen
because this is all LLM fired okay so
that and you have zero observ
giving you some traces but
But definitely that is useless for a
corporate level thing which requires
auditability which requires you to you
know be able to explain each and every
API call. So you cannot do that on cloud
pro uh I mean the cloud agents. Okay. So
if you are a standalone solo
entrepreneur who wants to build a
software a SAS kind of a software
and you know
what
try to commercialize it claude pro can
work uh sorry cloud code or claude
co-work can work but on a larger
enterprise thing I don't see that
working I mean you can still take some
help uh I don't know how that two I'm
still exploring as I said but for
enterpriseg grade application you want
reliability you want consistency you
want reproducibility and most
importantly you want traceability so
these are all missing actually
>> got it got it yeah that that's what I
just want to yeah
>> yeah got it
>> the same code was working last week and
now this is aa this is blankchain core
okay no worries plan Plan B. Plan B. I
have this
grand
So one suggestion I would give is after
you install these four restart the
session once. Okay,
restart the session once. that uh really
helps
before you go to the
next installation and then you keep on
continuing. Okay. So this and the second
change that might work is this. Okay. So
this is the change what I have done.
Okay. Instead of langchain
dot documents it's it has moved to lang
chain core.
I hope everything else works.
Do I need to explain what is happening
here because we have looked into the
same project several times. Even last
week I gave you the idea about this
particular project. Okay. So if you
still are clueless, I mean please go
through the last few few weeks
recordings. Okay. So we have built this
agent several times. So the only thing
that we are adding up here is the
traceability part. And how did we do? We
have already done that traceability.
So you have to set up the key and you
have to set up the tracing to be true.
And what is the name of the project?
Okay, because this is the name that will
appear in your Lang Smith
dashboard. Okay, so go back to the
Langsmith and if you go to the home,
this is your tracing. This is your
tracing. Click on that tracing and you
can see this customer support agent new.
Okay, so this customer support agent new
which I have just now created. Okay, no
runs found. Okay. Now here I will start
getting the traces. Okay. So this is the
the one which you have just now created.
Fine. In your case it may not appear
instantly because I had already created
this. So it came for me. Once you start
running then it will automatically
appear. Okay. So but this is where I'm
expecting things to be. Okay. So that's
it. Only three lines and you have set up
the tracing for this project. It is that
super simple. Okay. And all the API
calls that we are going to make are
already wrapped with lang chain. So we
are using the uh open AI langenized
version not the direct openi library. If
you directly want to use openi library
SDK or if you want to use geiny SDK or
anthropic SDK without langai
okay without lang chain then you can
probably go with langfuse.
So that way you are not vendor locked.
Okay, let me repeat that right now we
are using all the API calls from within
lang chain and that's how it is able to
track easily because you are using the
langchainized version of openai not the
openi SDK directly.
Okay so but let's say if you are using
openi SDK directly then uh lang will not
be able to directly track it. you will
have to set up more codes I would say
and if you are anyway ready to set up
more codes then it's better to go with
langfuse
because there you get much more
advantage of you know getting credits
and uh more traces per month that's it
so these three lines are new otherwise
you just create your knowledge base
embedding model and then set up your
retriever
okay uh pantic schemas for my
uh query category sentiment and this is
your agent state
and the node functions. This is the
model I'm using chat GP5 mini. These are
my node functions.
And finally
this is my
agent
graph. This is the agent graph. All the
node functions attached to those
respective nodes. These are the actual
node functions. This is the name of the
node where it will be executed. Node
function attached to this node. Agent
node function attached to this node. So
you are creating the nodes and their
corresponding node functions.
You are also creating all the edges
basically how you are going to connect
these nodes
and then this is the conditional routing
which is going to happen.
Okay.
Build the entire graph.
Okay. So query will come up with the
start
and then it will be categorized into
billing, technical and general followed
by sentiment analysis positive,
negative, neutral. If the query is
negative directly it will go for human
escalation
that is decided by the router that you
created here is your router function.
Okay. And if the query is positive or
neutral then based on the category it
will be routed to one of these three
agents. Now each of these three agents
have access to your rag.
You can see here it has access to your
rag where it is first able to apply a
filter retrieve the documents format the
documents for context. How is it
formatting? just concatenating one below
the other and then setting up that
retrive context as actual context.
This is a prompt template and then that
is chained to your LLM and you are
invoking with the user query and the
content retried content that's it.
So this is all repeat.
Okay.
And then wrapping this entire agent
graph into this convenience function for
calling.
Okay. So these are the 30 question
answers that you have in your JSON file
and you can actually start
doing this.
Uh you can ignore this uh pyantic
serializer warnings if you want to.
So for that you'll have to import
warnings and
let me give you a code to suppress
those warning messages.
Okay. So once you execute this then all
those warnings should be gone
right.
So it's working you can see and since we
have executed so many times uh your
tracing should already be updated now
okay
so so many traces I have already got and
one is already running you can see
so the entire agent lang graph workflow
I would say will be appearing like this
and if you are running parts of the
workflow then it will appear like this.
So what do we mean by parts of the
workflow? So here
we have run the parts of the workflow
also right here. So this is a part of
the workflow. This is also a part of the
workflow.
Okay. So this is again a part of the
workflow. This is a part of the workflow
because these are also making API calls.
Okay. So getting the sentiment, getting
the sentiment, these are all standalone
API calls that you have made without the
entire agent. Okay. So those standalone
are appearing like this. And when the
entire agent is running, this is how it
will appear. Okay. So
yeah, you can fire these agents and see
one by one.
This is also there
fine. So click on any of these traces.
Okay. So for example, I've clicked on
that trace. I'm just zooming out. Okay.
So in the waterfall case, this is how it
looks. Okay. Literally, you can track
each of these phases, three phases
largely. And for each of these,
you can see the amount of latency, the
overall cost. Okay. So the cost input
output you can see very well start time
and time
for each step and you can also check
what was the input which went to the
model which is the and what was the
exact output which came from the model
each and everything you can see
query category neutral. So this is your
complete trace.
You can also have the ID for each of
these langraph runs or traces.
So trace ID is there, run ID is there.
You can use this trace ID and run ID to
also
um assign feedback scores. Okay,
that can also be done.
You can see which model was used, how
much time it took for retrieval also
because you can see vector store
retriever took 0.1 seconds which is like
uh 170 milliseconds. These were the
documents which were retrieved. You can
see the top three documents which were
retrieved. Okay, these are the top three
documents which were retrieved. So that
is the level of traceability that you
can have. Okay, I'm just clicking on the
vector store retriever. Okay, this was
the query. Based on this query, these
are the top three documents that were
retrieved.
Okay, and totally it took 170
milliseconds.
Okay, Proful I already answered why it
starts with runnable is if you're
running a part of the overall
workflow then it will come as runnable.
Runnable is nothing but the lang chain
chain. Runnable is nothing but the chain
only the chain part. This is the chain
that you have run here. Sorry, this is
the lang chain chain.
Okay, whatever chain you are creating.
So this is your chain. If you're just
only running this chain, for example,
this chain was run here. When you are
calling this function technically
and when you are checking your vector
store driver here.
Okay. So when you are checking for the
vector store retriever that will appear
as a vector store retriever only.
Oh yeah, vector store driver
and when you are running the entire
lang graph which was compiled. So entire
lang graph means when you're running the
entire lang graph compiled that is
towards the end whatever you are running
this you are running the entire agent
when you run the entire agent that will
come as a compiled lang graph that will
come as a compiled lang graph okay so
single API standalone API calls can also
be traced that is the point I was trying
to make okay so see this is a simple
standalone API call in a case of
runnable just click on the chat prompt
template it will tell you what was the
customer query that was a retrived
content and this is the output that's it
so this is a single API call okay how
much uh was the costing latency and
everything
I suggest you take some 5 10 minutes
explore this okay click on each of these
and you can click on let's say two here
and also go to comparison mode compare
runs okay so I clicked on these two and
go to compare runs okay so you can
actually also compare side by side two
runs end to end
so So this took 15 seconds roughly 15.5
seconds. This took 18 seconds. Okay. So
you can actually track why is this
taking much much longer time. Why is
this taking low lesser time? So what was
the bottleneck?
So this time it took so the
categorization is almost the same time.
We can see
categorization was the same time but
probably
this is 2 seconds. This is 2.5 seconds.
Here it is 2.5 seconds and this is
2.35 seconds. Yeah, roughly more or less
similar.
Retriever is 21.25
determined route that is instantaneous.
So the last step itself is taking more
time. That's it. That is where the 3
seconds are different.
Fine.
You can click on the waterfall mode or
this is your normal mode and this is
your waterfall mode. Whichever you find
more easy to
Yeah. Whichever you find easier to
compare.
Fine.
So, we can go for a break now.
I'll have my dinner and uh we'll resume.
So you can explore this. Take five more
minutes. Okay? And then take your break.
Okay?
Tu she's saying why is it still saying
waiting for traces?
Can you share your screen? Uh
I don't see
because in my case
I'm able to get all the things
properly done. I mean
Okay, re-executing.
Thank you.
Any
question from anyone till what we have
done just now.
So this trace is basically the entire
agent execution. Okay, there can be some
confusion uh when you are running this
langraph agents with uh lang enabled.
Okay,
so these are two different uh
abstraction levels I can say. Okay, so
trace is for the entire agent execution.
Run is basically one step inside that
execution.
Prashant I have a question like uh is
there any specific industry standards
like these SLAs or anything we need to
follow in these traces if we for suppose
if the traces are going beyond the
limits or something we need to follow we
need to observe in this.
>> Yeah good question.
uh primarily uh when we are making
uh these uh
retrieval see idea is the sooner the
better I mean okay for the retrieval in
most of our cases you can see the the
retrieval has happened within
100 to 200 milliseconds and that is the
industry standard u it should be less
than half a second max to Max 1 second.
If it is going up to 1 second means
it's a red flag frankly unless unless
you are searching on millions of
documents. If it is few hundred to
thousand ideally the overall
time it takes for the vector store
retriever because this is something
which is more deterministic. Okay.
>> Mhm. your data set is there, your query
is there and how much time it takes for
retrieving the top five documents, top
10 documents, it's more deterministic,
okay? Because that is also determined by
the kind of vector database you are
using, the kind of strategy that you are
using. But if the vector database is
fixed, if the retrieval strategy or the
algorithm is fixed for a given query,
the number of top documents that you are
uh retriving that is also fixed. Then by
large this number should not vary a lot
maybe plus minus 50 to 100 milliseconds.
Okay. So with a average plus -50 to 100
milliseconds this average should not
exceed 200 to 300 milliseconds for small
size vector DB okay which is containing
less than 1,000 chunks I would say for
1,000 to 10,000 chunks it might go to.5
seconds or 500 milliseconds and in you
know worst cases where it goes to 1
million to 10 million chunks per
database
It can go close to 1 second but beyond
that if it is taking then I would
suggest going for a managed
vector database solution. What does that
mean? Managed vector database solution.
So there are platforms like pine cone.
Okay just search for pine cone. It's a
vector database
where again this will again be dependent
on whether your company is eager to
share the embeddings on a third party
cloud. Okay. So in this case what you
are doing is there there are two
options. You can directly throw your um
chunks and they will do the embeddings
and store or you can directly throw the
embeddings and they will only do the
storage and retrieval is all happening
on cloud and you also have a choice to
bring your own compute BYOC. Okay, in
which case you can actually connect the
enterprise AWS, GCP or Azure account,
okay, with zero access operating model
which means they are not going to charge
any mockup or markup. They're saying
that okay that entire data resides in
your own AWS VPC. I'll just add a
application layer on top of it. Okay,
I'll charge you per query and uh how
many documents you are retriving in a
month. So query volume and retriever
volume is the business model that they
are normally charging. If you go to the
pricing, okay,
that is the case when you are connecting
your own AWS account because there you
are already paying your own AWS account
for storage and all that stuff. However,
in a case of a completely managed, so
this was like semi-hosted system. In a
completely managed thing, what you are
doing is you are simply sharing your
chunks or embeddings. They will
provision
a cloud on your behalf. You can choose
whether you still want to go with AWS,
GCP or Microsoft. But since they are
doing the provisioning, they will charge
you for the cloud storage as well along
with the queries. So you can just see
here.
So database can be created on demand
inference assistant. So all these are
the different APIs which are available.
But uh you can see the usage here. So
for example AWS US east one is the
region availability. This is for a
starter. Uh there are no dedicated nodes
in this case. Okay. Uh read nodes here
you will get some dedicated read nodes.
Um index again both dense and sparse is
there up to five index you can create
which means five collections you can
make if you want index means how many
collections per database. Okay. So in
our code if you see uh we made a
collection and we provided the
collection name also. You remember the
vector database collection name we
provided we can make.
So there was a database name and there
was a collection name. Okay, there is a
collection name and there is a database
name. Okay, so this is the database name
you can say. Okay, so in one database,
this is the collection. You can make
multiple collections. Maybe one
collection for technical documents, one
collection for uh you know customer
policies or customer data or company
policies. So that way you can have a
logical grouping also. But then it would
mean for a single query you'll have to
search in multiple collections or
multiple indexes which is again I would
not suggest if you think that for any
query searching across multiple
collections is required then actually
put everything into one okay it's better
to put everything into one only where
there is a clear isolation of the
application that this application will
use this collection this application
will use that collection then consider
going for collections. Okay,
>> got it. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So,
>> yeah. So, these are the you know
considerations and uh see how million
inference for the embedding. That's what
I would I was also telling you. Okay.
You can directly throw the chunks and
some
5 million tokens per month embedding is
already included. These are open-source
model. Let me tell you this. Okay. Okay,
these are open source model and you can
get both of them easily on hugging face
also. So you can do the
uh embedding on your own GPU server if
you just download them or pine cone has
also created their own fine-tuned
version for the embeddings. So this is
pine cones and again reerrankers are
also there BG reanker coher rerankers.
Now coher is enterprisegrade reranking
facility. So definitely no company will
provide cohhere here for free because
they also have to pay cohhere. So you
are getting it in this case but BG is a
open-source cross encoder available on
hugging phase. So this is already
included 500 requests per month and you
can see how many users projects you can
create security compliance audit logs.
You can explore this. So this is not the
only one uh platform. You can also check
for Zilage
and Milvas. Okay.
So Zillis is again a vector database
cloud leader in the forester wave. Just
check.
So Zill and Milvas are products from the
same company. It is one of them is open
source. The other one is a cloud managed
version cloud hosting version and check
their pricing plans. So Zilliz is the
managed version and Milwas is the open
source. Okay. So you do have so these
are the two industry-leading options I
would say easily available. Third is
now cloud specific. For example, if your
most of the documents are already
present in S3 buckets assuming then for
AWS I would strongly suggest to go with
open search
that is the vector database
which you can use. Okay. So again you
can use the bedrock models like Titan
embedding V2 model you can use uh again.
So AWS type 10 uh embedding
model you can use v1 v2 both the models.
So I I will use this model as well titan
embedding models which are already
available on Amazon v2. Yeah this one
and for response generation you can use
so this is like a complete AWS native
solution you have built your data is
already in S3 from S3 you push it to
open search. Now open search is like
your equivalent of elastic search or
vector search. This is a vector database
which is already hosted on a clusters.
So just like when you spin a RDS
that is relational database service when
whenever you create a proper normal
structured database or a unstructured
database either way on AWS. So AWS will
have a RDS service for traditional
databases. Okay. So there also you get
the option for spinning as a single
machine or as a cluster and how many you
know uh availability zones it should be
there and
uh if you want to have master nodes
multiple master nodes so all those
options are also available on open
search you can spin up multiple clusters
or you can spin up this open search on a
single machine also so normally you can
use r7gium
dosarch search kind of thing for a
decent uh 4 GB RAM. R7
G or R8G also you can use uh dot medium
medium will give you 2 GB large will
give you 4 GB dot search
uh or R8 also you can do
bandage.sh
these are the typical
uh machine names I would say.
>> Yeah. Yeah, R7G, R8G. These are very
regular ones which I use. Okay. So, you
can see the pricing also how many Yeah,
from here you can make out. So, how many
gigs you want now? 8 16 32 based on on
how many. So, because if your
application is scaling to hundreds of
users, then probably you'll need more
virtual CPUs number one. Whereas if your
application is having huge number of
vectors let's say thousands or millions
then the memory part will become more uh
important. So how you want the search to
be is it memory optimized or compute
optimized. So that way you have
different categories of uh machines
which you are going to spin. But usually
this is memory optimized. Okay for
example. Now there are machines which
are compute optimized also.
So these are the usual machines people
will spin for open search because the
moment you start launching your open
search service you'll have to select a
machine. Okay. So these are a typical
machine. You can go with R sevenG series
or you can go with R8G series also.
That's also quite good. R8G is the newer
version. Okay. And then from here you
can select which one you want. So your
entire data is in S3 bucket. you then
your embeddings are stored in open
search. Okay. And then what is the next
thing? You want a embedding model to
create the embeddings, right? So you can
use Titan embeddings from bedrock. Okay.
And you want your response generation
model. So for that response generation
you would uh probably use uh if you want
you can use cloud models also because
all the cloud models not at haiko
everything is available on bedrock or if
you don't want to use the claw models
you can go for um
Nova Nova Pro Noa light Noa pro okay
models. So Noa pro, Noa light these are
the uh Amazon models for response
generation. Okay, you can use these Noa
rearranking models like all coher models
are also available on bedrock. So all
these models are available on bedrock.
If you just go to bedrock you can see so
this is like a AWS native solution. The
point I'm trying to come to here is
>> similar solutions are now also available
for Azure and GCP. The good thing is
about in Azure you will have direct
access to open AI models. Okay. AWS will
not give you open AI models on bedrock.
So if your favorite models are open AI
models for embeddings like what we have
been doing until now. Okay. Then you are
probably looking for Azure OpenAI
endpoint. So then your cloud natural
cloud inclination is towards Azure.
But if you are also open to GCP, you
will get access to all the geminy pro
models. Now in GCP, you will neither get
access to cloud models or probably you
will also not get access to um
open AI models. No way. No way. There
not even in your wildest dreams you can
think of. Okay. So you'll only get
Jiminy models. A fourth option is there
where you want to get access to all of
these models and that is your OCI Oracle
cloud infrastructure. There giny models
are also there. Um cloud models are also
there. OpenI models are also there.
Okay. Otherwise the fifth option is to
go with open router. Open router
service. I think I might have talked
about open router. In this open router,
a single API token will give you access
to more than 650 models.
>> Okay. Um
yeah, list of models also you can this
is open router
models. AP list of models.
the list of models
637 models are there. So if you just
search for claude you'll get all the
claude opus 6 on it. All claude models
are there here. If you want to go for
Germany
all Germany models are there the pro
versions three pro also is there or if
you go with open AI all GPT models are
there both open source as well as the
paid ones. Okay everything is there. or
if you want to go with u so
claude for example does not have its own
embedding model so claude normally uses
a third party called as voyage ais's
embedding models which are also
available on bedrock so if you go to
claude
voyage
api embed pins
Okay, go to this page and you can see
the embedding models coming from Claude
are actually coming from Voyage company.
So Claude natively does not train
embedding models.
Okay, so if you are a big fan of Sonnet
Opus models and you want to do embedding
from cloud only then this is the choice
that you have. Okay. And here the
context length just to give you an idea
is much higher compared to your openi
model. So for example openai model
whether it is small or large the context
length is 8192 tokens only 8,192
which is 1/4 almost.
Okay.
So these are all 32,000 tokens only in
this case this is but this is a
fine-tuned version. So you have
fine-tuned versions for finance for law
also. This is something very interesting
for optimized for legal long context.
This is optimized for finance retrieval.
In fact uh Claude is working anthropic I
would say as the larger company is
working heavily on finance applications.
Okay. They have already onboarded lot of
big corporate clients and banks. They
are serving custom models to these
banks. Okay. Already. So in the next few
months what I'm going to watch out for
is finance specific models coming from
claude. Already there are a couple of
finance specific models available on
perplexity platform. Okay. But now this
is where I'll be watching that space
for. So that is where you know the
business models are getting
pivot. Okay. So this platform you can
use open router uh where but again you
are sharing your data to open router. So
if that is a concern, security concern,
compliance concern then it is best to
either go with a self-hosted version or
onremise version or at least have a
model on your own
cloud VPC. Okay, VPC virtual private
cloud or VPS virtual private server. So
spin your own virtual private server
either on AWS or GCP or Azure and
isolate that VPC and only that VPC you
create your entire application and all
the models within the same VPC. All your
models would be there. Your application
would also be hosted within the same VPC
itself. Okay. Your open search domain
will also be in the same VPC. Your EC2
instance which is hosting your
application will also be in the same
VPC. So that way you can have a good
isolation layer. Okay. So this is good
for most of the banking and healthcare
kind of a uh industry. But even more
regulated industries let's say defense
okay will go even deeper. So defense
will not allow any third party cloud
okay whatsoever. They will always insist
on an on-prem server where all the
embeddings are stored, all the user
queries, whatever interactions they are
never shared across any cloud. It has to
be on prem on prem oil and natural gas
let me tell you. So that is again so I
did lot of trainings for BPCL Bat
petroleum okay for example and in one
such even I have been into their board
meetings okay so I got to know that just
to give you even today they are not into
any cloud all of their entire data is on
prem
they already had one data breach and
which went escalated it up to the PMO
and they had you know shut down that
plant for a day or two. I would not
reveal too much information but they
already had a couple of instances
>> because of which now they have decided
they will still continue being on prem.
>> Yeah. Now like even yesterday Trump
tweeted not to use cloud anthropic
anymore in Fed.
>> So see there will be uh
>> lot of there will be preferences there
will be regulations and there will be um
uh what I would say is vengeance as
well. Okay.
So multiple factors would uh would be
there to
influence such decisions. Okay, let's
focus back. Uh last thing that we are
going to discuss is about this lang fuse
observability. Okay, so the same project
I'm not changing the project. This we
are going a bit more deeper in the
observability concepts. Okay, so in the
first case we already set up uh just in
three lines of code. But here also there
will be three lines but we'll also go to
the trace level uh things. Okay.
So these three lines will become
different three lines here. Let me share
the
notebook. This is completely running.
You can see my
um
403 client error fidden error incorrect
API key
have to verify correct. So who is facing
this
Santos?
So you have to provide your Langmith API
key. No,
I did
discuss how to create your own API key.
So if you go to settings here
in the API keys, you'll be able to
create a API key. Use a personal access
token. Name this and just create your
key, right?
And add it to your you have to add it to
your
secrets manager here. So I already have
the lang fuse lang fuse langfuse. But
similarly previous notebook I had added
my uh langsmith.
Okay. So I think that should resolve
Okay. So let's see what this Langfuse is
all about and how does it differ from
your Langmith as of now. Okay. So I
think the title itself is very clear.
It's a open-source alternative to
Langmith and both these product have
been developed by the same company from
where Langchain comes up. Okay. So again
for tracing, debugging and scoring
langraph agents. So in this lab we'll be
building the same for customer support
and instrument it with langfuse for full
observability. Langfuse is open source
that can capture traces, latencies,
token usage, cost every single step of
your langraph workflow. Unlike lang
which is proprietary and tightly coupled
to lang chain
a langfuse is framework agnostic. So
whether you develop your application
using llama index or you develop your
application using open AI SDK or use
Google SDK okay it doesn't matter which
or CUI in fact okay doesn't matter
whether how you are creating your agents
okay that is framework agnostic it is
self-hostable which means you can
download a copy of this langfuse and
host it in your own server same server
where your agent is hosted
Okay. So that is the meaning of selfhost
table and built on telemetry open
telemetry standard. So this is again
like a protocol. Okay. which is required
to communicate these traces.
Santo, where are you getting this? So
from
present that uh the code uh from
langmmith import client right um so
where uh I don't know uh why that run ID
is generated maybe because of my I just
uh did the code uh
fix maybe it's automatically generated
I'm not Sure. So I just I wanted to
check whether you have this code piece
or it's a
it's generated by
>> which notebook the langidmith notebook
or the langfuse notebook.
>> Langsmith notebook.
So here um it's not moving from here. U
I have that API key configured.
Everything has done but I'm stuck here.
So the the project which you created
right do we need to configure anything
the project on mapping to the API key
have you done anything? So see that
project naming has to be there so that
you can track your uh so these are the
projects that I' have created for
tracing by default there will be
something so if you don't mention your
project name then all those traces will
go to the default
understood so here I have open
>> this is the same project name what you
used customer um
>> uh so this is the notebook you are
talking about correct
>> yes
>> so We have set up the key.
>> Mhm.
>> So from langmmith where is that
initialize the client? I don't know
where is that code. I don't see that
code anyway
>> code at the end. Uh maybe uh
the line 68.
So here
>> yeah the when we are calling uh
>> aa here oh aa aa okay okay okay
I missed this part sorry yeah so
basically whenever I'm running any of
these okay I'm getting some trace and
runs correct so that's what I was
talking about some time back that if you
want this feedback to be provided and
recorded let's say I want to record a
feedback for this run. Okay, I can copy
this trace ID or run ID. Let's say I'm
copying the run ID. Okay, so from here I
can copy this and for this particular
run I can provide a feedback from the
code. Okay, so I am just providing this
run ID. Now
is my screen shared?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So this is the run ID which
I just copied from here. Okay. Which I
copied from here.
>> From line graph, right? Okay.
>> Yes. from the line graph. Correct.
Correct. Okay. And then uh whether uh uh
yeah so this comment you can change.
Okay. Whether the let's say you have to
act yourself as the user. Just imagine
that this comment is being captured from
your chat interface. Okay. And you are
passing it here. Understood? This
comment as a string you are capturing
from the chat interface and passing it
here as a variable. Mhm.
>> Okay. So then what would happen is
>> so why we are doing hardcoded here pres
>> no you are not doing a hard coding. So
this is like a API uh maybe you can
create a function out of it and to that
function for each chat run you can say
or conversation will have a run ID
generated. You have to capture that run
ID from the traces
>> and you also have to capture this
comment from the user. Okay, whether
they are satisfied with the overall uh
query resolution process or not, if
there is any comment that they would
like to you know uh give. So capture
that comment, capture that run ID
programmatically for that particular
conversation uh that is happening and
then you want to record that comment
with that conversation properly. So this
is what we are doing. So once it has
been there um I think let me just check
you can see now it is appearing. So this
is the comment which just now we passed.
So this way we can also track this was
created by me no doubt. So this way you
can see how many
let's say conversations were flagged by
the user. They were not satisfied. Okay,
you can actually
programmatically pull just like in
Langfuse also I'm doing it here. So you
can programmatically pull the list of
last 10 15,000
uh like in this case if you see I'm
programmatically pulling my uh traces.
So and I have the trace ID. Similarly I
can also have the run ID against these
trace ids. Okay. So I can
programmatically identify in the last
15,000 or 10,000 interactions how many
users flagged the conversations. Uh
flagged means they were not satisfied.
Okay, because you are able to capture
this and what is the average
satisfaction score because now this is 0
1. Now if I do that for hundreds of
interactions for some it will be zero,
for some it will be 1 0 1 0 1 0 1. But
the moment it start getting into
hundreds and thousands, you'll get an
average score for this entire agentic
system. You'll get an average score.
Okay, that on an average this agent is
working with a score of 4.2 4.5. That is
what now that average score um you will
get once each of these traces have got a
number and a feedback. Okay, so that is
the whole intention. So you can record
this I think. Yeah, this is for that
only. So you can get the run ID
and uh yes
so ideally you would get this ID when
you are doing the agent.invoke uh but we
are never saving that we are always
doing that agent.invoke within this
wrapper function. So you'll have to
probably modify this wrapper function
that I have created to also capture
because this wrapper function is doing
the invoke behind the scenes right this
is the wrapper function you're passing
the agent here okay and that agent is
using the agent dotstream in this case
correct and that is exactly the
statement I have given so when the agent
is being invoked or when the agent is
streamed in that case this events has
the run ID actually Okay, which we have
not yet captured any time till now. But
ideally this will have. So maybe let me
just check. Okay,
agent is not defined. Agent is
okay. This agent is my
file agent.
Okay, I need some prompt.
So, this is my prompt.
Okay. So now I've got the events
and let's have a look what all we have
in that events.
It's a generator function.
So uh again the same thing.
So for each step there will be an event.
Okay. So
let me take the first step out of that.
Okay.
Events
print
what we have got one by one.
So this is a complete event.
Um
I need to check how you can get the run
ID from here. Uh probably the langraph
documentation will have to refer. But
that is exactly what we are doing in the
Langfuse version. So this is just a
repeat. But if you want to get to that
level, I would strongly suggest you to
stick to Langfuse then. Okay, this is
for high level uh setting up the
monitoring.
But if you want to go to that level,
then Langfuse is the better option which
I have anyway done. So it's just the
repeat. So let's directly head on to
that. Okay.
But yeah, that's exactly what is
mentioned here. you can capture it and
uh in principle
you can capture this from the agent
invoke or agent stream okay and pass it
on there right now I am capturing it
from the you user interface okay um
again there are different metrics are
there so mostly people would be
interested in the correctness score okay
how accurate it was and the score is
between 0 to one
so one for correct and zero or
incorrect. So it's binary.
So source type is API indicating that
the feedback. So just go through the uh
documentation, you'll see all the
other options by which you can access
this. So feedback has been recorded.
This is what we have got here. So for
each API call, you can also record the
feedback. Okay.
Okay, back to this. Let's run this
quickly.
Now the initial things are same. Um,
yeah. So
I don't have to explain any of these.
Uh this is clear uh and anyway we'll
discuss more on this Langfuse API keys
have been set up. So how do you set up
your Langfuse API keys? Again go to this
website cloud.langfuse.com
and first you'll have to create your own
project. I'm just sharing the link. So
to get the API keys uh I think there is
a link already given below to set up
your API keys. So cloud.langfuse.com
sign up create a new project. But before
you create a new project, you'll have to
create a new organization.
Okay? So before the project, you'll have
to create your own organization name.
Just give some random uh organization
name. Here I'm giving my organization
name as K21. So that is the name of the
organization. And once you have created
your organization, okay, then it will
ask you to create a project. Okay. And
then once you create a project, then uh
you'll be able to get the key. So once
you get the organization there itself
you'll be able to get a option for
getting a key when you go to settings.
Okay. So in the settings
of that particular organization
okay so this is the settings and you'll
get uh all the information
uh API keys go to the API keys and
you'll get all of these. So public key
secret key you can copy it from there.
So I'm just clicking on creating a new
key.
So again, so these are the things that
you'll have to copy.
All right. Now I'll just delete this.
So I'll just uh pause here for 2
minutes. Let me know if you are able to
get to the API keys part. So the
instructions are already there.
In between first and second step, there
is one step to create your name of the
organization which I have not documented
here. And within the organization, you
can create multiple projects. But the
moment you have created the
organization, in principle, you should
be able to create your key. Ideally, you
should create your key for each project.
So go to the project settings. Okay.
And uh from there you can also go to the
API keys. That's what exactly I did. I
clicked on the project.
Okay. So from settings this is the
project. This is for the entire
organization. So this is the
organization. I created a project here.
Within that project I have the API keys.
So overall traces, usage, everything can
be tracked and this is all for free. See
this is all for free.
Even you can track the scoring. You can
see here.
So just let me know in the chat if you
are able to get your API keys.
uh sorted here. So what will be the name
of the API key? These are the name of
the API key. Public key, secret key and
the base URL. And you'll have to set up
all these three in the chat. Sorry, in
the secrets manager. So langfuse public
key, langfuse secret key and langfuse
base URL. So three things you'll have to
set up apart from the openi model.
Okay. So we'll have to set up these four
things.
Open EIK anyway you would already have
but apart from that LFU site there are
three
okay
okay Mohammad has already got it
we'll install it and then get it
uh the differences between Langfuse and
uh
Langmith key difference both are for
observability and evaluation but they
differ fundamentally in philosophy and
architecture. Okay. So, one is the
licensing proprietary versus open-source
self-hosted. You can create dockerized
versions of these language
license. So, you will not be able to
have lang on premises. Okay.
So, lang is given to you as a software
as a service kind of a SAS app. You can
say ultimately framework support it is
agnostic. You can use any SDK to create
your agents even
here it works best with lang chain and
lang graph standard that it is following
is open telemetry. This is a custom tree
model. So they have created a a
proprietary
architecture for this.
>> And this is depth of the data that you
want. This is the trace paste. Yeah.
>> Quick question. Langfuse is from MIT
like
license.
>> Okay.
>> It is open source. Open source can have
multiple types of licenses. MIT license,
Apache license. I mean I don't remember
but these are the three four most common
licenses.
Okay. It's open source but MIT license
if you just do a Google search what is
MIT license you'll get it Apache license
MIT license and many other licenses are
there for open source so these are like
opensource license standards you can say
licensing techniques or standards you
can say for opensource softwares and
codes
so when to choose langfuse most
important question when you need a
framework agnostic observability layer.
So you are developing your entire agent
not using lang chain or you don't want
to be vendor logged with lang chain. You
want to have flexibility to switch
between different SDKs then langfuse is
something to consider for data so
compliance. So basically since it is
self-hosted you can actually
in the same VPC in the same AWS server
you can also host your lang fuse in a
separate docker container simply
so when to choose lang uh when you are
100% in the lang chain lang graph
ecosystem and you prefer a fully managed
service that's exactly what I just now
said so lang is a fully managed SAS
with built-in alerting dashboards
enabled.
Okay. So, how many of you have been able
to set up your account and got the API
keys ready?
So, this code works. I have just
verified today evening only. So, this is
completely working piece of code. This
is just to make sure all the keys are
imported and then you create your own
client. Okay. And just check the
authentication. This is just to check
whether you are able to connect to the
Langfuse server. Okay. Right now what we
are using is the Langfuse deployed on
some third party server the deployed or
managed version of Langfuse but you can
have a self-hosted version of Langfuse
as well. Okay. So I'm just checking up
my authentication. It is fine. And then
you download your documents. Setting up
the vector database. Creating it as a
vector retriever. So this part is all
same. Nothing new. So I've just done it
and define your customer query state.
Creating all the node functions
everything
is all the same. Okay. All the nodes
created. Building and compiling your
graph. There's the same graph from here.
Now back to langfuse tracing. Okay. So
this is where langfuse replaces
langmmith. Instead of setting langid
tracing equal to true. That's what we
did.
Okay. That is what we did in the
previous notebook uh as the environment
variable. We will be creating a custom
call back handler from
langfuse.lankchain.
So this is the one which is going to
create the
uh tracing. Okay. And you can pass it to
the config dictionary when streaming or
invoking any langraph graph. And for
each LLM call or a driver query and node
execution, this is automatically traced.
Okay. So the main difference is with
languid tracing is enabled as a
environment variable. You just set up as
a environment variable at a start of the
notebook and that's it. There is no
handler. There is no call back. There is
no custom function from Langsmith with
that you have to invoke or call or you
know attach with your code or a graph
nothing just set the environment
variable at the top of the notebook
forget it and then each and every API
call which is happening in that entire
notebook anywhere gets automatically
tracked. That is the convenience you get
with LSmith. But here the same thing is
done by call back handler explicitly in
the configuration. So if you want to
leave out some of the uh API calls for
tracking that case that is also possible
but in the langu case that is not
possible. Okay because here it is used
by using call back. So you can actually
leave out some of the API calls for
tracking also if you want that option is
there.
Okay. So here I'm importing my call back
handler and this is again creating the
same wrapper function. Okay, I'm passing
my agent prompt session ID and verbose.
Everything is same. Here I'm creating my
handler.
Uh
now again uh in lang uh code if you saw
there was session ID and tags. So those
things I have removed which are not
supported in langu.
So agent.stream stream
the blank fuse tracing fine for the
entire agent. This is where you are
setting for the entire agent
and then you start running your agent
and for each of those events means node
execution. Event means node executions.
You are just capturing that event and
printing. And for the final response,
you are capturing it from the last uh
agent state. Okay, final response is
present in your agent state which you're
capturing and uh displaying is as a
proper markdown.
So important in shortlived environments,
notebooks or serless flush pending
traces. So you can do this. Okay. So
pending traces can be flushed and uh if
you want you can return the final state
of the agent for scoring later. So that
can be used for scoring as well. Fine.
So I have created some user ID. This is
the query and here this is exactly the
same code that you had in your langraph
also. Okay. There is no single change. I
can open that once again and show you.
So the way you are using that function
is still the same.
So this code from lang
is exactly same as the same code in
langu.
Okay. There is no change at all. Okay.
So business scenario everything
everything is same. AI product company
receive diverse technical queries
billing general support occasionally
angry customers who need human
escalation. So this is all the same. So
front end how you use
is all the same but back end these are
the few additional lines that got added.
So first is creating that call back
handler. So it will track every API call
within that langraph
and uh that was one and you attach that
langfuse handler to your agent. Simple.
Okay. So this is again the same in the
end you just have to flush that.
Yeah. So this is all the same. This is
all the same. Nothing changed now. So
now how do I add the feedback scores to
the traces? So in languid you use the
client.create create feedback. So this
is what you would be doing when you
provide a run ID. So this is what I was
trying to do. So you'll have to create a
lang client and from there you'll have
to create a feedback programmatically.
Okay, that's what we did towards the
end. Correct?
We created the client and you can use a
create feedback
correctness score in Langfuse. The
equivalent is langfuse.create create
score instead of create feedback you'll
have to use create score which attaches
a numeric or categorical score. So
scoring is essential for monitoring
quality over time filtering traces in
the dashboard. So suppose you want to
only look into those traces where the
user has marked negative score or zero
score. Okay, those are the flagged
conversations. So you want to focus more
on the flagged conversations. So that
filtering can also be done in the uh
dashboard building evaluation data sets
also can be done.
Okay. So these are the three data types
numeric 0 to one categorical correct or
incorrect. Okay. And boolean true false
simple thumbs up thumbs down. Right? So
you create the client just like before
and you set the trace limit. So fetch
the recent traces to get the trace ids.
So in this case I have set five. So I'm
getting the last five trace ids. Okay.
And I'm just printing each of these
trace ids and these are the customer
queries.
Okay. So these are the queries. So when
you make these queries then only you'll
be able to see the queries. Otherwise if
you directly jump here this might be
empty. Okay. So when you run the
notebook in the same sequence you'll get
all of these. Okay. Now the score the
most recent trace with correctness
feedback. So I'm just going to pull the
last one. Okay, the latest uh score.
It's in a reverse chronological order.
So the latest one is the first printed
here. Okay, so this is the latest.
So I'm getting the trace ID. Okay, and
uh now I'm creating the create score
function. Okay, I'm passing the trace ID
correctness one numeric agent count. So
this part is almost same what we did
here. So here I was doing it using run
ID. Here I'm using it using the trace ID
right now. Correct.
And then you can also add a categorical
helpfulness score. So here the metric
name is helpfulness whether the answer
was helpful or not. So answer being
helpful is not same as answer being
correct. Okay. So two different things
are there. Agent correctly routed and
answered. Here the response was relevant
and addressed.
So this is categorical. So yes or no
this will be ultimately boolean only H.
So scores have been assigned and then
you can add it to this trace. So you can
also check this uh go to the lang fuse
and then go to your project.
This is how your project comes up. Click
on tracing left side
and now the traces start. Okay. So click
on the last time stamp. Zoom out. So
this is your trace ID. Okay. You can see
everything. Thread ID is Prashan 001,
telemetry SDK, version number, name,
scope, three items, attributes,
whatever, public key and so on.
Yes.
And uh you can see
total latency, total cost, usage, sum is
1350,
input tokens, output tokens, reasoning
tokens are also there which is charged
as output tokens remember. Okay.
And uh you have the ID also trace ID
A1 E2.
So from there you can check this
and uh
you can add to the data sets annotate
comment also you can add if you want the
JSON form.
Yeah there's the log view for each and
every item. Okay. And scores if you have
done. So there was no scoring available
for this.
Maybe we can just check. So also you can
see blockwise whichever block you click
uh you will be able to see the
trace for that particular block. Okay.
So for the billing response this is what
we got.
Okay. So categorize inquiry whichever
you are clicking. Okay. you are getting
the corresponding trace
actually. So it's visually very very
easy and you don't have to create this
platform this environment nothing are
able to get the same thing even better
in fact now you see and this summation
this is a summation capital sigma is the
summation so total cost is this this is
a total latency and total cost okay and
for each step again you get to see so
125 was the input 84 was the output so
total is 209
that's how you would read it Okay,
here also you can see runnables and so
on. So individual chains are called as
runnables and the overall node otherwise
is this. So within the node you will get
the chain and the vector store retriever
and multiple steps are present in each
of the nodes. So here you have the name
of the nodes also. So you can click on
the nodes from here or you can also
click on the name of the nodes from
here. Either way.
Yeah, you can see there are scores also
I have provided.
So this is 4352.
4352. Can you see the last trace ID is
this for which I have provided 4352 F12
and for the same 4352 here at the top
4352 F12 that is what we were
programmatically able to fetch. So this
is the one which I fetched. I passed
that I passed that trace ID to this
function.
Yeah, to this function. And then I added
the scores.
Okay. And so these are the scores that I
have. One is for uh helpfulness and one
is for the correctness. You can see one
means correct and other one is helpful.
Correct. This way I have also updated
the
this way I have also updated the scores.
That is for the trace. So trace ID will
not change. It's exactly the same. So
anyway, but for this trace, I have got
two scores already.
Okay.
Oh, sorry.
So now viewing logs and traces in the
Langfuse dashboard. So you can go ahead
and check it out. These are the other
things you can do. So time stamp,
latency, cost, tags, everything is
there. And you can also drill into a
trace. So these are some activity which
I would like you to take spend time half
an hour one hour explore the user
dashboard over the next few days. Okay.
So this is like you won't understand
unless you actually do the hands-on and
exploration at your own pace at your own
end. Okay.
So scores also I have just now showed
you scores and metrics aggregated. So
this is what each of these sections are
and you can also query traces and
observations programmatically. So that's
what I fetched here the last few traces
input outputs everything okay with the
time stamp
from the lang fuse API. Can you see
langfusei
trace limit five? So last five I have
retrived it and printed here
and view additional LLM uh call
observations generation for cost token
analysis that also I have done here. So
recent LLM observations
these are the model name the overall
latency the overall cost. So now I can
also do the flushing at the end. So
langfuse batch events in the batches
events in the background and sends them
asynchronously to reduce the network uh
overload. In longunning applications
like web servers API, this works
automatically fine. But in environments
like this uh Jupyter notebooks or collab
you should explicitly flush it or shut
down at the very end
to ensure all pending events are sent to
langfuse before the process exits. Okay.
So flushing will finally register. It's
like committing. Okay. So if the process
is automatically ending, no problem. But
otherwise you'll have to force flush so
that it gets registered in the server
to send all the pending events blocks
until complete and finally shut down at
the end of your application. Once
everything is done, you can shut down
your uh langu.
This ensures all remaining events are
flushed. Anyway, so shutdown is for
flashing everything.
Okay,
fine. I think I have given almost
everything.
Let me just check this.
Okay, almost we are time up fine. So
tomorrow we'll start with the MCP part.
Okay, I'll give you a quick overview of
what MCP is, what A2A protocol is, what
problem does it solve, where are we
going to use them, how to create your
MCP server and clients in the local
machine and also how to create it for
the
uh server deployed MCP server kind of
thing and uh we'll take uh
two hands on one in a Jupyter notebook
and the other One is like I have the
same customer support router agentic
rack system
on which no not this sorry there is
another project insurance claim
processing multi- aent system it's a
hierarchal agent that I have created
using crewi and lang smmith no langraph
okay so I've created with both we'll
take one of them mostly we'll take the
langraph one because mostly we are
familiar with that. So it's a hierarchal
agent. There is a supervisor agent. Then
you have lot of worker agents. So
supervisor agent will uh you know
supervise all these worker agents.
These worker agents can also communicate
with each other. So all those so that's
a true multi-agentic system production
grade system that I will try to
demonstrate that will not be running on
collab that will run on my local machine
and that also has guard rails and
everything set so it's like a proper
enterprisegrade
agentic system full agentic system okay
so that I will demonstrate I'll give you
all the code I'll run it and show you
how it works okay so we have proper PII
reduction we have guard rail set at the
input at the output to we'll discuss a
complete architecture so that will take
your knowledge to production grade I
would say okay so I don't know if that
would finish because that will take much
more time so at least we'll start the
discussion and maybe we'll continue to
the next week if
needed okay
uh last questions
Can you make a code to purposefully make
a bottleneck and show how to
troubleshoot?
Interesting. Tim, I will take this.
Not today. We are already time up. But
maybe definitely tomorrow. That's also
interesting. I have just taken a note of
that. Interesting.
Uh Langfuse is working for me in produ
production. How will it be handled? Uh
the flushing. No. So it's all within the
code. So don't worry. Okay.
Okay. Uh this is interesting.
Creating a purposeful bottleneck. I I'll
see how it can be done uh
for the demonstration.
Yes.
Okay, cool.
Thank you. And we'll meet tomorrow. Same
time, same link.
Have a nice day. Bye-bye.